<title>gotweet Home Page</title>

<h3>About gotweet</h3>

Gotweet is a simple command-line Twitter client in [http://golang.org | Go programming language].

<h3>Download</h3>

<h4>Sources</h4>

<i>With [http://www.fossil-scm.org | Fossil SCM]:</i> 
<verbatim>
$ fossil clone http://codingrobots.org/p/gotweet gotweet.fossil
</verbatim>

<i>ZIP archive:</i>  For your convenience,
here's [http://c0043312.cdn.cloudfiles.rackspacecloud.com/gotweet-src.zip | gotweet-src.zip] 
(18 KB) from one of the latest check-ins.

To get the lastest code from this repository, login as anonymous, 
click "Timeline", then select the latest check-in, and click "ZIP archive".

To make (you have to install Go first):

<verbatim>
$ cd src
$ make
</verbatim>

<h4>Binaries</h4>

[http://c0043312.cdn.cloudfiles.rackspacecloud.com/gotweet-osx-amd64.zip | gotweet-osx-amd64.zip] 
(Mac OS X 10.5 x86-64, 370 KB, Version [b975035f58], 2009-11-12 22:07:02)

[http://c0043312.cdn.cloudfiles.rackspacecloud.com/gotweet-linux-amd64.zip | gotweet-linux-amd64.zip] 
(Linux amd64, 370 KB, Version [b975035f58], 2009-11-12 22:07:02)

<h3>Usage</h3>

<verbatim>
Usage: ./gotweet [options...] <action> ...
Options:
  -p="": password
  -u="": username (Twitter login)
Actions:
  post		Post status update (followed by status). Alias: p
  user		Show user timeline. Alias: u
  friends	Show friends timeline. Alias: (nothing)
  mentions	Show mentions. Alias: @
  public	Show public timeline
</verbatim>

<h4>Examples</h4>

Post status update:
<verbatim>
gotweet -u=username -p=password p "My status update"
</verbatim>

Show mentions:

<verbatim>
gotweet -u=username -p=password @
</verbatim>

Show friends timeline:

<verbatim>
gotweet -u=username -p=password
</verbatim>


<h3>Contact</h3>

I want to hear your feedback! [mailto:dmitry@codingrobots.com | Email me] or
use the built-in ticket tracker.

Made by [http://www.codingrobots.com | Coding Robots].